# Server Simulation
Server processes are long running programs that provide a service to clients and fulfill incoming requests by performing the task requested. In order to satisfy client requests as quickly as possible a server will use concurrency. One way of accomplishing this is to use the `fork()` system call to create a new process for each incoming request. It is the responsibility of the *child process* to service the request and complete the task. The responsibility then of the server process is to manage the *creation* and *reaping* of these child processes. In this assignment you will create a program that simulates an HTTP server program. The HTTP server waits for incoming requests and when one is received forks a new child process to handle the request and then returns to waiting for the next incoming request. When a child completes the server must *reap* the process using the `waitpid()` system call. Because the server is a long running program (likely non-terminating) and because it can't know before hand how many child processes it will be creating we can't rely on calling `waitpid()` after a child is created - this would make the use of processes and concurrency pointless. Instead, the server must use provide a *signal handler* to catch the `SIGCHLD` signal to perform the necessary clean up after a child process exits.

# Starting Details
1. `MAX_CHILDREN` specifies the maximum number of child processes allowed.
2. `child_count` is used to record the number of child processes currently executing.
3. `reap_children()` is used to reap child zombie processes. You need to implement this one.
4. `handler()` is the signal handler that is registered to handle the `SIGCHLD` signal.
5. `do_random_work()` is a utility function that simulates random work. It does "work" for a random amount of time.
6. `accept()` is used to simulate incoming network requests. It "receives" requests after `r` seconds.
7. `service_req()` simulates the servicing of a request to be performed by the child processes. This should be called only once from a child process.
8. `server()` is the main server routine. You must implement this. It consists of a main while loop over the number of requests required (specified by `numreq`). It does the job of calling `accept()`, forking child processes to handle the simulated request (using `service_req()`) and keeping track of the number of child processes currently executing and the number of requests that were serviced.

# Instructions

## Part 1
1. Read chapter 8 again.
2. Open the `server.c` file and implement the TODOs in the `reap_children()` and `server()` functions.
3. The `reap_children()` function is *easy*. You should study the example code in **Figure 8.31** on page 747 and **Figure 8.32** on page 749 in the book. You should read the corresponding text that describes the difference between these examples and choose the correct implementation for reaping children in a long running server process. Use the provided `printf` to generate the identical output as my solution. Don't forget to decrement the `child_count` variable after reaping each child.
4. The `server()` function is more difficult. First, you must install the signal handler function `handler()` to be invoked when the parent process receives the `SIGCHLD` signal. This signal is delivered to the parent process each time a child process exits. More details about this are discussed in Chapter 8 so you should review it there. You will want to loop over the number of requests specified by the `numreq` argument. For each iteration you need to make a call to `accept()` which simulates receiving a request from the network. When accept returns you need to *fork* a new child to handle that request which involves a single call to `service_req()` passing to it the current request number. You should keep track of the current request number using an `int` and increment it after each call to `accept()`. Make sure you increment the `child_count` variable right before your call to `fork()`. Lastly, the parent process within the `server()` function must make a check to see if `child_count` is equal to `MAX_CHILDREN`. If it is you must call the `pause()` function to put the parent process to sleep until it receives a `SIGCHLD` signal. When it receives the signal the registered `handler()` function will be invoked and then the `pause()` function will return. It is important that you implement this check as a loop because you can't make any assumption about the interleaved execution of processes. In particular, you should loop while `child_count` is equal to `MAX_CHILDREN` and call `pause()` each time. There are three different `printf`s that we have provided you - use these calls to generate output that is identical (except for order) to our solution. 